# Verse Extension Fixer (Mac)

A tool to fix many things related to Epic Games Verse programming language on Mac. Indeed, with a few tweaks it is possible to use the Unreal Editor Fortnite using CrossOver, for more information please check [this tutorial on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/FortniteCreative/comments/1e4qrm5/tutorial_how_to_run_uefn_on_mac_os_m1m2m3/).

## ⚠️ Important: Thanks to read before using this extension

You must have installed the `verse` AND `urc` vsix extensions from Epic Games else this won't work. Only works on Mac. Don't bother use this on Windows as UEFN automatically does that when you build verse. This extension has been made with specific paths in mind, having different ones could change the behavior of the extension so please don't mess with any of the workspace files/digests/assets etc if you don't know what you do. For the best use, please make sure you got similar paths:

**Fortnite projects (automatically generated by UEFN):**\
`/Users/<yourname>/Documents/Fortnite Projects/`

**Fortnite Folder (the one you downloaded using Heroic):**\
`/Users/<yourname>/Library/Application Support/CrossOver/Bottles/<yourbottlename>/drive_c/Programs Files/Fortnite`

**Other (automatically generated by UEFN)**\
`/Users/<yourname>/Library/Application Support/CrossOver/Bottles/<yourbottlename>/drive_c/Programs Files/users/crossover/AppData/Local/UnrealEditorFortnite/Saved/VerseProject/`

## Features

- Automatically make the URC/Verse extensions compatible for Mac
- Solves UEFN-generated Windows paths in workspace files.
- Fix the verse button within UEFN so it can run VSCode with the current opened project.
- Allows you to remove the default Verse dark theme and apply your own.

## Extension Settings

- CrossOver UEFN Bottle Name: Necessary to set the right paths.
- Dark Theme Remover: True or false


## Found a bug?

Feel free to contact me on [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/florian_martinez/) or Discord by pinging @iflone_vivi in the [Fortnite Creative Discord Server](https://discord.gg/fortnitecreative). 

## Release Notes

### 1.0.0 Initial release of the extension

